java c
Olet 2602 psychology of crime 
Assessment Critique 
Length: 750 word (hard limit) essay; including everything in the text (e.g., in-text citations and headings), but excluding the reference section. 
Marks: This critique is worth 40% of the total mark for the unit of study.
Date Due: The Critique is due on by 11:59pm via Canvas.
Critique an essay generated by ChatGPT: Write a 750 word critique about an essay 
generated by ChatGPT, using the theoretical knowledge gained by this OLET. 
What you need to do: 
1). Enter the following request into ChatGPT on https://chatgpt.com/: 
Could you please write a 750 word essay in APA style. on the question “ How can we help vulnerable suspects in the legal system in Australia from a psychological point of view” . 
2). Your assessment is to critique this essay. You have to write 750 words critically analysing the output generated by ChatGPT. You will have to do this using the knowledge you gained from the代 写Olet 2602 psychology of crime
代做程序编程语言 modules in the OLET. 
3).  Upload BOTH the ChatGPT generated essay AND your 750 Critique in one document on canvas. 
Some tips: 
1) Critical evaluation of the essay. Identify the strengths and weaknesses of the generated essay. Indicate where improvements can be made
2) Clear description of relevant psychological research. Identify and describe psychological research which is relevant to the critique. Demonstrate an understanding of the psychological research and the conclusions that should be drawn. 
3) Formatting and presentation. The Critique should be written clearly and concisely with appropriate grammar and spelling. Referencing should be in accordance with APA publication guidelines (see https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines).
4).        Here are some general university guidelines on use and limits of AI-tools
https://educational-innovation.sydney.edu.au/teaching@sydney/ai-and-education/. 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp
